So make one called
'detect_os.sh'
So to start, I usually do this big 'if' statement
'$OSTYPE', it's like a built in variable, so
it's easy to test for Linux first.
And then the '*' there just checks for different types
'then'...
'echo Linux detected...'
'yy' to copy that line
'p' to paste it, and we need a couple of these.
And then for the multiples, you can do 'elif', instead of 'else'
So there I'm using an exit code since
I don't know what the OS is, and actually, let's 'yy' that and
So darwin
macOS
cygwin
is basically...
POSIX.
All right, so there's a little 'if' statement.
And there you see I'm on a Mac so that detected that properly.
So that's the first part;
so I'll usually put that at the start of my script and then it will 'exit' if it's doesn't detect what
it is.
And then you can also add this 'case' statement
So you do....
'case $OSTYPE in'
then we put the same flavors in here.
So here you could put, you know, special variables that you want for each type of system if you're
trying to make it as compatible as possible.
So there's a nice little script you can use to detect an OS and then do something different with it.